{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14920\viewh12980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 FRET GUI HELP\
File types supported: .czi and .tif files. If you have .czi files, the program will open those files and make .tif files in the selected folder.\
'Select a data folder' button: When clicked you will be directed to select a folder. If you select something thatisn't a folder or hit 'cancel,' the edit field will prompt you to try again.SENSITIZED EMISSION SELECTIONG Factor:Input the G factor that was calculated using your system and the appropriate settings used for the acquisition of the experimental images. Please see below for more info on the G factor. If you have calculated this once for your system, this number should remain constant unless you change any parts of the equipment or the settings you used.\
The G factor is a proportionality constant that is used to convert the normalized FRET index, Fc, to the instrument-independent FRET efficiency. The most accurate way to calculate the G factor and avoid measurement pitfalls is by using two constructs of fused donor-acceptor pairs that have a large difference (as large as possible) in their FRET efficiencies.The G factor in this case is the difference in FRET channel intensities divided bythe donor channel intensities, while these values are normalized by the acceptor channel intensity of the matching construct (FRET does not alter theacceptor channel intensity so it can be used to normalize these values).The G factor equation isG = (Fc1/Iaa1 - Fc2/Iaa2)/(Idd2/Iaa2 - Idd1/Iaa1)Thresholds:For sensitized emission, there are three threshold options. If nothing is checked, the data is analyzed with just the default background subtraction. For 12 and 16-bit data, it ignores the values below 250 after the background is subtracted. \
When you check the box next to 'Colocalization' the algorithm plots a 2D histogram of donor and acceptor intensities for all pixels after the default background subtraction. It takes the linear fit of these data points and thresholds the pixels that fall outside one standard deviation from this linear fit.\
When you check both the 'Colocalization' and the 'Manual Limits' boxes, it lets the user select the region from the 2D histogram that the user wants to include in the analysis.\
Outputs:The multiple files option outputs images of the percent efficiencies and the ratios of the acceptor-to-donor channel intensities per pixel.\
The output file is a cell array with three elements. The first cell is an array of three FRET efficiency values: 1- pixel by pixel percent efficiency averaged for the ROI selected, 2- average intensity of ROIs are used to calculate the percent efficiency, and 3- the percent efficiency of all pixels above the threshold in the image (pixel by pixel). The last two elements of the output cell array are the FRET percent efficiency and A/D ratio data per pixel.\
ACCEPTOR PHOTOBLEACHING SELECTION\
You can threshold the photobleaching data with percent photobleaching (ratio of post-bleach over pre-bleach for the acceptor channel, per pixel) by checking the box next to 'Photobleaching efficiency' and entering your desired percent bleach value. If that box is not checked, the algorithm does not threshold data based on photobleaching efficiency.\
Outputs:The multiple files outputs the percent FRET efficiencies, as well as the photobleaching efficiencies per pixel (ratios option). Negative values are made to 0 by default (both in the data display and the output matrices).\
The output file is a cell array with three elements. The first cell is an array of four FRET efficiency values: 1- finds percent efficiency pixel by pixel then takes mean of those values over ROI, 2- finds average intensity of pre and post bleach in ROI and outputs the percent efficiency of ROI, 3- the same as #2, but uses the user-defined post-bleach ROI as well, and 4- gathers all pixels with intensity above 250 units and above the thresholds, calculates the efficiency per pixel then takes the average. The last two elements of the output cell array are the FRET percent efficiency and photobleaching efficiency data per pixel.}